Hello everyone
Seeing
This time
About the angle of mind
C Yotteki thing is
But this time
minutes with no
This is the system of the bridge called double hole
Even though it was originally a normal wife
It is what I had six also be added later
Let's try to help take the 6-string for those who after shake
Pass towards the plain of holes in the original
Four
Next to the hole
There is very easy travel
Very so now maybe bass strings but you look at all take a look at the hole there is or habit
Also easy to-closing by one string 2 string is especially thin and I'm comfortable but well of stability
Little is required extra twist to the end
First of all
To 1 ride
doing
Cowra Ness
One more time
in this way
It is safe if you do this
10 minutes walk
voodoo
First of all, I will tell you how to attach the super chip .
This is a brand name Superchip is in the bones in the bone
Cattle bone and the edge
There are two types of ivory super chip in, but are open three holes here lazy side
One groove is located in the horizontal
We will go through the first person who is not in this groove
It is miso to active reconnaissance
One stop
I will do so
It was in
The
For example, I 'm going back to the right here
oha
Kondo Design
I will do it for the rest
I am
It is shown that what went out is going to go on 2 days
Good
Let's take a look at the super chip next time
21 times I say nylon many times because it looks very slippery
in this way
If it is the same condition as 6 strings
One more time
You will
Urea Idesu
It is safe if you cut out after leaving it out
This too
One item of fastener of elephant sacrifice is stopper x house
The mind is two holes for super Tsupunami wisdom
This kind of pot water is attached to one side, will you see this?
This will be a bridgeger
In this stopper x
Invest the original to those who not about the groove
Yes
I turn once
from now on
In the groove
You can come go along a wo
here
In this way
hane
Matter is better song the US I think that it is nice to not adhere financial scratch
Ok if you pull
This time, it is rice made of ant ivory that says simple chip
This is
Kinda like a dice
On the other hand , it is closer to Thailand but Japan is in the direction that the holes cross
Tei Yi
Let's put the acupuncture tip on 6 strings at
The first hole is
Good
There are awful parts and a narrow part
As wide portion is attached to the bridge
I will pass this hole first
Chopper N
In the state
Because I have 22
eh
Cut into the mouth
Return this or others
If it is over
I put it on the spot with the 6th string so far, but as the hole comes down
In such an angle
I am thinking
This time saddle way
me
Though
Yeah Democratic Party
Yeah to wow
So tell this is Omahen
There is no eupa part
In Mystery was'm tin
I think it 's noodles